feat: add sentence analyzer project (#56093)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-sentence-analyzer/66e2edb23013ca596f8d9568.md

---
id: 66e2edb23013ca596f8d9568
title: Step 6
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-6
---

# --description--

To start testing your `getPunctuationCount` function, create a `punctuationCount` variable and set it to the calling of `getPunctuationCount` function with a sentence, for example, `"WHAT?!?!?!?!?"`.

After that, log the `punctuationCount` variable to the console with the text `"Punctuation Count:"` and the interpolation of the `punctuationCount` variable. You can also use plus (`+`) concatenator if you want.

# --hints--

You should create a `punctuationCount` variable.

```js
assert.isNotNull(punctuationCount)
```

Your `punctuationCount` variable should be set to the result of `getPunctuationCount("WHAT?!?!?!?!?")`.

```js
assert.equal(punctuationCount, getPunctuationCount("WHAT?!?!?!?!?"));
```

> You should log the `punctuationCount` variable to the console with the parameter `"Punctuation Count: ${punctuationCount}"`.

Reviewer: this hint of `"Punctuation Count: ${punctuationCount}"`  implies that we are only going to accept template literals here

```suggestion
You should log the following to the console: `"Punctuation Count: [Punctuation count goes here]"`. Replace  `[Punctuation count goes here]` with the the actual variable name. Make sure to use proper string concatenation syntax here.
```
